feat: Update session token docs with more details about fea, o.per, and o.fpm claim (#2602)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/backend-requests/resources/session-tokens.mdx

    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > You are reading about version 2 of Clerk's session token claims. To read about version 1, select the respective tab above.

>     ### Default claims
> 

Reviewer: this is already the heading - see line 10. we can keep `### Organization claim` below, but lets remove this one

```suggestion
```

Author: 69d996ebefb5df460a741eb44cf2d6b493a0b1a1

    #### Decode `o.fpm` manually

    For those that need to decode the `o.fpm` claim manually, here is how the claim value is computed.
    The value is a list of comma-separated integers where the position of the integer corresponds to a feature in the same position in the `fea` claim.
    Each integer, when converted to binary, represents a bitmask where each bit's position corresponds to a permission in the `o.per` list, where `0` = `not-allowed` and `1` = `allowed`.

    #### Example

    Consider a user with an active organization has role `admin`. This role has the following feature permissions: `dashboard:read`, `dashboard:manage`, `teams:read`. Therefore, the user's claims are as follows:

    - `fea` claim has value `o:dashboard,o:teams`
    - `o.per` claim has value `manage,read`
    - `o.fpm` claim has value `3,2`

    Now, let's manually decode the `o.fpm` claim.

    The first integer `3` represents the feature-permission mapping for the `dashboard` feature. Since `3` is `11` in binary, both permissions are allowed (`dashboard:read` and `dashboard:manage`).

>     The second integer `2` represents the feature-permission mapping for the `teams` feature. Since `2` is `10` in binary, the _second_ permission is allowed (`teams:read`) because the second bit from the right is `1`.

Author: @alexisintech I added "because the second bit from the right is `1`" at the end, let me know if you think that is helping here

    | `sid` | session ID | The ID of the current session. | `sess_123` |
    | `sub` | subject | The ID of the current user of the session. See [RFC 7519](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.2) for more information. | `user_123` |
    | `v` | version | The version number of the session token. | `2` |

>     | `pla` | plan | A comma-separated list of the plans that are active. Each entry is in the format `scope:planslug`, where `scope` can be `u` or `o` representing user or org-level plans, respectively. Will always have only one entry, which will have `u:` prefix if no org is active or `o:` prefix if an org is active. | `u:free`,`o:pro` |

Reviewer: i'm a bit confused. its a list, but will always have only one entry?

Author: ah it's not a list, I'll update

>     | `fea` | features | A list of enabled features and their scope. The scope can either be `o` for org-level features or `u` for user-level features. Same as the `pla` claim, the scopes for all features with start with `o:` if there is an active org, or `u:` if there is not. | `o:dashboard,o:impersonation` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `fea` | features | A list of enabled features and their scope. The scope can either be `o` for org-level features if there is an [active org](!active-organization), or `u` for user-level features or if there is no active org. | `o:dashboard,o:impersonation` |
```

    | `sts` | session status | The status of the current session | `pending` |

    ### Organization claim

>     The **`o` claim**, or organization claim, is only included if the user is part of an [organization](/docs/organizations/overview) and that organization is [active](/docs/organizations/overview#active-organization). Its value is an object that contains the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **`o` claim**, or organization claim, is only included if the user is part of an [organization](/docs/organizations/overview) and that organization is [active](!active-organization). Its value is an object that contains the following properties:
```

    | `slg` | slug | The slug of the organization. | `org-slug` |
    | `rol` | role | The role of the user in the organization, without the `org:` prefix. | `admin` |
    | `per` | permissions | The names of the permissions the user has in the organization. | `read,manage` |
    | `fpm` | feature-permission map | The mapping of features with permissions. See below for details for how this claim value is constructed. | `3,2` |

    > [!WARNING]
    > The organization claims above are intentionally designed to be as compact as possible to keep JWT tokens small.
    > As a result, they can be difficult to decode manually. We strongly recommend using one of our SDKs that support API version [2025-04-10](/docs/versioning/available-versions#2025-04-10) to handle decoding reliably.

>     >

Author: ❓ Maybe the following shouldn't be in the same warning block 🤔

>     > For those that need to decode the `p.fpm` claim manually, here is how the claim value is computed.

Reviewer 2: ❔ what's the `p.`?

Author: typo, should be `o.fpm`

    > The value is a list of comma-separated integers where the position of the integer corresponds to a feature in the same position in the `fea` claim.
    > Each integer, when converted to binary, represents a bitmask where each bit's position corresponds to a permission in the `o.per` list, where `0` = `not-allowed` and `1` = `allowed`.
    >
    > For example, a user with an active organization has role `admin`. This role has the following feature permissions: `dashboard:read`, `dashboard:manage`, `teams:read`.
    > The `fea` claim has value `o:dashboard,o:teams`, and the `o.per` claim has value `manage,read`.
    >
    > The `o.fpm` claim has value `3,2`.
    > The first integer `3` repesents the feature-permission mapping for the `dashboard` feature. Since `3` is `11` in binary, both permissions are allowed (`dashboard:read` and `dashboard:manage`).

>     > The second integer `2` represents the feature-permission mapping for the `teams` feature. Since `2` is `10` in binary, the _second_ permission is allowed (`teams:read`).

Author: ❓ Is this clear enough? The `1` in `10` base 2 is the _second_ position, so it corresponds to the `read` permission (not the `manage` permission).

Reviewer 2: WDYT about splitting this section into

```
### Organization claims

### How to decode

### Example
```

?

Reviewer 2: I think it's clear. Do you think a code example would help?

    | `slg` | slug | The slug of the organization. | `org-slug` |
    | `rol` | role | The role of the user in the organization, without the `org:` prefix. | `admin` |
    | `per` | permissions | The names of the permissions the user has in the organization. | `read,manage` |
    | `fpm` | feature-permission map | The mapping of features with permissions. See below for details for how this claim value is constructed. | `3,2` |

    > [!WARNING]
    > The organization claims above are intentionally designed to be as compact as possible to keep JWT tokens small.
    > As a result, they can be difficult to decode manually. We strongly recommend using one of our SDKs that support API version [2025-04-10](/docs/versioning/available-versions#2025-04-10) to handle decoding reliably.

>     #### How to decode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #### Decode `o.fpm` manually
```

    For those that need to decode the `o.fpm` claim manually, here is how the claim value is computed.
    The value is a list of comma-separated integers where the position of the integer corresponds to a feature in the same position in the `fea` claim.
    Each integer, when converted to binary, represents a bitmask where each bit's position corresponds to a permission in the `o.per` list, where `0` = `not-allowed` and `1` = `allowed`.

    #### Example

>     Consider a user with an active organization has role `admin`. This role has the following feature permissions: `dashboard:read`, `dashboard:manage`, `teams:read`.
>     The `fea` claim has value `o:dashboard,o:teams`, and the `o.per` claim has value `manage,read`.
> 
>     The `o.fpm` claim has value `3,2`.
>     The first integer `3` repesents the feature-permission mapping for the `dashboard` feature. Since `3` is `11` in binary, both permissions are allowed (`dashboard:read` and `dashboard:manage`).
>     The second integer `2` represents the feature-permission mapping for the `teams` feature. Since `2` is `10` in binary, the _second_ permission is allowed (`teams:read`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Consider a user with an active organization has role `admin`. This role has the following feature permissions: `dashboard:read`, `dashboard:manage`, `teams:read`. Therefore, the user's claims are as follows:
    - `fea` claim has value `o:dashboard,o:teams`
    - `o.per` claim has value `manage,read`
    - `o.fpm` claim has value `3,2`
    
    Now, let's manually decode the `o.fpm` claim.
    
    The first integer `3` represents the feature-permission mapping for the `dashboard` feature. Since `3` is `11` in binary, both permissions are allowed (`dashboard:read` and `dashboard:manage`).
    
    The second integer `2` represents the feature-permission mapping for the `teams` feature. Since `2` is `10` in binary, the _second_ permission is allowed (`teams:read`).
```

Reviewer: it says " The second integer `2` represents the feature-permission mapping for the `teams` feature. Since `2` is `10` in binary, the _second_ permission is allowed (`teams:read`)."

but 1 is allowed, 0 is not allowed. 0 is in the second spot, which is `read`, which would mean that the second permission is NOT allowed?

Author: This is one of the details I thought might be confusing 🤔

Second position here refers to the second most significant bit, which is `1` (two positions from the _right_). It's definitely confusing - do you have suggestions for how to word this better?
